[[The Party]] continued it's exploration of the fourth floor of Gauntlight.  They discovered the non hidden side of a secret door and entered a large hallway.  At one end of the hallway, they encounted a creepy, transluscent blue wall.  There are constant appearances of ghostly faces contorted in agony.  Upon close inspection, they determined it was a Wall of Force at a much higher rank than they are capable of handling at this moment in time.

The party backtracked to the cavern and proceeded to follow another path that led them to a filthy, horrendously smelling torture chamber.  In this chamber the they found [[Vaulgrist]], Belcorra's chief ~~torturer~~ enhanced interrogator.  Not leaving the room when given a chance, the party enganged and defeated Vaulgrist, though not without some close calls as Kyra was knocked unconcious during the fight. Some quick thinking by Turonio saved Kyra's life and Kyra returned the favor by blasting Vaulgrist with a very potent Searing Light. The party ensured with multiple hatchet and arrow blows that Vaulgrist was truly dead.

Continuing their exploration, the party found an altar to Nhimbaloth and were immediately attacked by a horde of flickerwhisps and crawling hands.  They were barely an afterthought as Val decapitated two flickerwhisps with one sweep of his blade and Turonio let loose a mighty fireball that killed nearly everything else.  I think Kyra killed a severed hand.

Continuing on, the party entered an endless starcase. If not for the sharp eye of Turonio detecting an illusion, the party simply would have moved on.  Session ended with the party entering what appeared to be the private chambers of Belcorra herself.