Session opened with [[The Party]] heading back to the fishing camp.  As they approach, they noticed the door was open and a silhouette of a web lurker in the window.  As they entered the main building, the party set off a trio of traps but managed to not be caught in them.  They hear [[Olli]] and [[Tangletop]] let out shouts of dismay as they were unsuccessful in playing a trick on the party.

The party introduced Olli and Tangletop to [[The Puppies]].  Additionally, they meet [[Blue Finley]], the ghost living in one of the bedrooms and whose grandmother used to own the camp and was a member of the Pathfinder Society. Blue shared his story and then proceeded to give his grandmother's short sword to the party.  The party gave themselves a [[Missions]] to find a way for Blue to cuddle with the puppies.

The next day, the party returned to Otari, where they were approached by [[Brelda Blackthane]], who was worried about her husband, [[Khoumrock Blackthane]].  He had gone to Absolom on a recruiting trip and hadn't returned.  The party visited [[Captain Longsaddle]] and committed to searching for Khoumrock once they finished clearing the current floor of Gauntlight.

Upon returning to Gauntlight and descending back to the fourth floor, the party discovered an old dining room with numerous guests who appeared to have been poisoned and died quit painful deaths.  They were attacked by a group of corpselights who were relatively easily vanquished.   The group found a secret door and proceeded to explore the cavern it opened up to.  In the cavern, the party finds, fights, and defeats a pair of scalathaxes.